README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

- [My-Django-Portfolio <a name = "about_the_project"></a>](#my-django-portfolio-)
  - [Requirements <a name = "requirements"></a>](#requirements-)
  - [Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>](#deployment-)
  - [Contact <a name = "contact"></a>](#contact-)
---



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
# My-Django-Portfolio <a name = "about_the_project"></a>


> ![image](./images/system_arch.jpg)


<br />

<!-- REQUIREMENTS  -->
## Requirements <a name = "requirements"></a>

- [Python-interpreter >= Python 3.6 <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/"> </a>](python_download)

<br/>

<!-- DEPLOYMENT  -->
## Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>
1. Activate the Virtual-Env:
```python
source venv/bin/activate
```
1. Run the application server:
```python
python3 manage.py runserver
```

<br/>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact <a name = "contact"></a>

**Azizul Hakim Shakil** - [@ShakilAzizul](https://twitter.com/ShakilAzizul) - azizulhakim.shakil18@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/shakil18/My-Django-Portfolio](https://github.com/shakil18/My-Django-Portfolio)

<br/>

Commit message:

Added Demo of this Django app with GIF

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents

- [My-Django-Portfolio <a name = "about_the_project"></a>](#my-django-portfolio-)
  - [Requirements <a name = "requirements"></a>](#requirements-)
  - [Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>](#deployment-)
  - [Contact <a name = "contact"></a>](#contact-)
---



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
# My-Django-Portfolio <a name = "about_the_project"></a>

This is my personal virtual portfolio. This is a dynamic Web application. This project is built with Python/Django, HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap, and JavaScript. A simple yet beautiful with many features. 

> ![Gif](Intro.gif)


<br />

<!-- REQUIREMENTS  -->
## Requirements <a name = "requirements"></a>

- [Python-interpreter >= Python 3.6 <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/"> </a>](python_download)

<br/>

<!-- DEPLOYMENT  -->
## Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>
1. Activate the Virtual-Env:
```python
source venv/bin/activate
```
1. Run the application server:
```python
python3 manage.py runserver
```

<br/>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact <a name = "contact"></a>

**Azizul Hakim Shakil** - [@ShakilAzizul](https://twitter.com/ShakilAzizul) - azizulhakim.shakil18@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/shakil18/My-Django-Portfolio](https://github.com/shakil18/My-Django-Portfolio)

<br/>
